Documentation improvements (#320)
hpcflow/matflow-new: docs/source/index.rst

Welcome to MatFlow's documentation!
===================================

> MatFlow is an open source Python framework for managing computational materials science workflows.

Author: This bit needs checking by @aplowman , I've described it as best I know but I probably have some misunderstandings, and you might want different links?

> It is designed to be flexible and extensible, allowing users to link together existing tools and anlaysis scripts into a workflow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is designed to be flexible and extensible, allowing users to link together existing tools and anlaysis scripts into cohesive workflows, that can be deployed either locally or on powerful HPC systems.
```

> These workflows are saved in the form of YAML files which can be shared and reused to reproduce results.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These workflows are described in the form of simple YAML text files, which can be shared and reused to reproduce results.
```

> It was originally developed by [Adam Plowman](https://lightform.org.uk/people/dr-adam-plowman) and is actively supported by researchers at the University of Manchester's [LightForm group](https://lightform.org.uk/) and collaborators.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It was originally developed by [Adam Plowman](https://lightform.org.uk/people/dr-adam-plowman) and is actively supported by researchers at the University of Manchester's [CLARI (formerly LightForm) group](https://lightform.org.uk/) and collaborators, and at UKAEA.
```
